
Terms & Conditions
By clicking the agree bar you understand and agree to be bound by the following mentioned Terms and Conditions. If you do not understand or agree with these Terms and Conditions, you should stop using the App immediately.
 
1. General Rules: The App is made available for your own, personal use. By using this app on your device you agree and understand that you will assume full responsibility and understand and agree to the following. (a) When you use the App you must comply with all applicable Canada laws and it's Provinces and with any applicable International laws, including the local laws in your Country of residence (together referred to as "Applicable Laws"). (b) You also further expressly understand and agree not attempt to enter route information or adjust this app while operating any motor vehicle. (c) You also fully understand and agree that you assume full responsibility and risk for using this app. Failure to pay full attention to driving of your motor vehicle may result in death, serious injuries and or property damages.
2. Warranty: (a) The App, (b) The services of the App, (c) Any information, content and/or materials available on or trough the App, including, without limitation, listings, advertisements, postings, feedbacks, articles, tips, advice, referrals, recommendations, ratings, rebuttals, as well as all other text, images, pictures, audio content, video content and audio visual content (collectively, the "content"). All of which are provided on an "as is" basis and any use thereof or reliance thereon is at your own risk. Smart Stops International, (hereinafter referred to as "Canadasmartstops and/or SSI") does not warrant that the App will continue to operate without interruptions or that it will be error-free, meet any performance any other service level or any damage or injury to users of their equipment as a result of or relating to their use of the App.
3. Disclaimer & Liability: SSI disclaims all liability whatsoever, whether arising in contract, tort, (including negligence) or otherwise in relation to the App. SSI accepts no responsibility for any technical failure of the Internet or failure of the App. (a) You understand and agree that SSI and any third party mentioned on the App will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damages whatsoever, including without limitation direct, etc, incidental, special or consequential damages or other damages (including without limitation damages for harm to business, loss of information, data or content, loss of profit, loss of savings, loss of revenue), arising from or in connection with the use of or access to, or the inability to use the App, any content, or any linked website of a third party (and related third party services and/or content), even if SSI, or such a third party has been advised of the possibility of such damage or loss. (b) You understand and agree that if you should have a dispute with any advertiser, you must resolve such dispute with such advertiser directly, and you hereby agree not to involve SSI in any matter whatsoever in any such dispute, including, without limitation, requiring SSI's attendance or participation (or that of any SSI shareholder, affiliate, director, employee, agent and/or representative in any legal proceeding). (c) You agree that your use of the App shall be deemed to have occurred and taken place solely in Canada. (d) You understand and agree that this agreement and any dispute relating to this agreement shall be governed in accordance with the laws of Canada and/or it's Provinces without reference or application of principles and rules of conflict of laws. (e) You expressly agree and consent to the exclusive forum, jurisdiction and venue of the courts of Canada and/or it's Provinces in any and all actions, disputes, or controversies relating to this agreement and/or your access to and use of the App, content and/or any service. To the extent the forgoing limitation and exclusion of liability are not enforceable or not fully enforceable, the extent permitted by applicable laws, you agree that strict liability or otherwise in law, shall be limited to the sum of 10 (ten) Canadian Dollars in the aggregate.  
4. Use of the App: The App is operated in the Province of British Columbia, Canada and you are solely responsible for ensuring that the use of the App services is lawful in and permitted by laws of the jurisdiction in which you reside. Your right to access and use the App services is strictly conditional upon such access and use being lawful in your jurisdiction.
5. Indemnity: To the maximum extent permitted by application law, you will indemnify and hold SSI, it's affiliates, officers, agents, advertisers, or other partners, developers, and employees, harmless from any liability, claims or demand, including reasonable legal fees, due to or arising out of: (a) Using the App, (b) Your violation of this agreement, (c) Your dealings with other users of the App services, (d) Any dispute you may have with advertisers on the App, (e) Your infringement, breach and/or violation of any third party rights, including, without limitation, any intellectual property rights.
6. Content: The copyright in all material contained on, in, or available through the App including all information, data, text, photographs, graphics and the selection and arrangement thereof, and all source code, software compilations and other material ("Material") is owned by or licensed to SSI or its affiliate companies. All rights are reserved. You cannot copy, edit, vary, reproduce, publish, display, distribute, store, transmit, commercially exploit, disseminate in any form whatsoever or use the material without SSI's express permission. The trademarks, service marks, and logos ("Trade Marks") contained on or in the App are owned by SSI or its affiliate companies or third party partners of SSI.  
7. Service Suspension: SSI reserves the right to suspend or cease providing any services relating to the App published by it, with or without notice, and shall have no liability or responsibility to you in any manner whatsoever.  
8. Advertising on the App: We accept no responsibility for adverts contained within the App. If you agree to purchase goods and/or services from any third party who advertises on the App, you do so at your own risk. The advertiser, not SSI, is responsible for such goods and/or services and if you have any queries or complaints in relation to them, your only recourse is against the advertiser.
9. General: These Terms (as amended from time to time) constitute the entire agreement between you and SSI concerning your use of the App. SSI reserves the right to update these terms from time to time. If it does so, the updated version will be effective immediately, and the current terms are available through a link in the Website and/or the App to this page. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these terms so that you are aware of any changes to them and you will be bound by the new policy upon your continued use of the App. No other variation to these terms shall be effective unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative on behalf of SSI. These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts. If any provision(s) of these terms is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then such provision(s) shall be construed, as nearly as possible, to reflect the intentions of the parties (as reflected in the provision(s) and all other provisions shall remain in full force and effect. SSI's failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by SSI in writing. Unless otherwise expressly stated, nothing in the terms shall create any rights or any other benefits whether pursuant to the contracts (Rights of Third Parties) or otherwise in favor of any person other than you, SSI and its affiliates.
